Update ci-cd docs (#665)
kyma-project/istio: docs/contributor/04-30-ci-cd.md

Reviewer: We are missing the [UI Test workflow](https://github.com/kyma-project/istio/blob/d91645ab9c8935da03f82ed87623663cf2a621ad/.github/workflows/ui-tests.yaml#L23).

Reviewer: We probably also want to document the [workflow that verifies GitHub Action versions are pinned](https://github.com/kyma-project/istio/blob/main/.github/workflows/verify-commit-pins.yaml).

| [`Pull Request / Run unit tests`](https://github.com/kyma-project/istio/blob/fd34803dd516c3b614fda4f5b9d9a4c8b46372bb/.github/workflows/pull-request.yaml#L40)                                              | Runs unit tests with code coverage information.                                                                                                        |

## Pipelines Running on the Release Branch

The following CI jobs generate release artifacts and verify the functional correctness of Kyma Istio Operator.

| Name                                                                                                                                                                         | Description                                                                             |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | [`Istio integration test`](https://github.com/kyma-project/istio/blob/fd34803dd516c3b614fda4f5b9d9a4c8b46372bb/.github/workflows/main-integration.yaml#L46) | Executes the main integration test suite for the Istio module on a k3d cluster.         |

Reviewer: We also run the "main integration tests" workflow on release branches: https://github.com/kyma-project/istio/blob/d91645ab9c8935da03f82ed87623663cf2a621ad/.github/workflows/main-integration.yaml#L18
The question is also why we don't do it for api-gateway.

Author: I think we should do it in api-gateway

Reviewer: I'll add it to my list and do it as a coffee break task once the documentation PR of api-gateway s merged.

> | [`Istio integration test`](https://github.com/kyma-project/istio/blob/fd34803dd516c3b614fda4f5b9d9a4c8b46372bb/.github/workflows/main-integration.yaml#L46) | Executes the main integration test suite for the Istio module on a k3d cluster.         |

Reviewer: Same as for API Gateway review, I think we should include the [release workflow](https://github.com/kyma-project/istio/blob/main/.github/workflows/create-release.yaml) as well.

| [`Pull Request / lint`](https://github.com/kyma-project/istio/blob/fd34803dd516c3b614fda4f5b9d9a4c8b46372bb/.github/workflows/pull-request.yaml#L24)                                                        | Performs linting.                                                                                                                                      |
| [`Pull Request / Run unit tests`](https://github.com/kyma-project/istio/blob/fd34803dd516c3b614fda4f5b9d9a4c8b46372bb/.github/workflows/pull-request.yaml#L40)                                              | Runs unit tests with code coverage information.                                                                                                        |
| [`UI Tests / Run UI tests`](https://github.com/kyma-project/istio/blob/d91645ab9c8935da03f82ed87623663cf2a621ad/.github/workflows/ui-tests.yaml#L22) | Runs UI tests for Busola extenstions of API Gateway module and API Rules. |
| [`Workflow validation / Ensure SHA pinned actions`](https://github.com/kyma-project/istio/blob/d91645ab9c8935da03f82ed87623663cf2a621ad/.github/workflows/verify-commit-pins.yaml#L15) | Verifies that all external actions are pinned to a commit. |

> ## Pipelines Running on merge to main and all release branches

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Pipelines Running on Merge to Main and All Release Branches
```

> The following CI jobs run on merge to main and all release branches.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following CI jobs run when you merge changes to the `main` branch and all release branches.
```
